c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\bin\Debug\PudderVarsel.exe
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\bin\Debug\PudderVarsel.pdb
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\bin\Debug\PudderVarsel.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\PudderVarsel.exe
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\PudderVarsel.pdb
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\PudderDetaljer.g.i.cs
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\PudderDetaljer.g.cs
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\PudderDetaljer.xaml
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jonsandv\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\PudderVarsel\PudderVarsel\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
